Create API to retrieve positions; Display positions on a Google Static map on the frontend (#11)
flightaware/firestarter: ROADMAP.md

and its clients, allowing for efficient data fan-out.

### v3

> Firestarter v3 will support processing and storage of airborn position data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firestarter v3 adds support for processing and storage of airborne position data from
```
